Illyrian Kingdom
(Magic based)
Fell by magician "The responsible" as the head magician trying to end scarcity

-> the ruling family and influencial people tried to save the breaking kingdom, founding the illiad empire not subjected to one ruler to keep things balanced.

He survived as the greates magician still being alive.
a pure alchemist

-> essence of consumption (robots)
-> essence of mutation (bloom)
The automatan and the bloom were created by the separation of force of live and death.


-> essence of creation
-> undying kings wive died in the resulting chaos, he fled to the undying kingdom

-> the sphere of boundaries



country of statera, tries to defend itself against all invadors and conflicts.
Starting point of our campaign as classic adventurers.

Adventurers Guild "AGIS" trying to protect all the people.
-> Is left alone as ha helping hand by all sides except the bloom and automatoon.

fighting zone





Iliad Empire is theocracy ruled by 7 emperors (nice fighters)
Suffers from food shortage and tries to extend border.
- Strictly lawful, classic kingdom
- see undying kingdom as a monstrosity to be slain, conquered to stabilize food supply.



Counter we have the organizations like the:


Esperanto
- want one unified empire (good old time in the Illyrian kingdom) and see war as end means to achieve this end
(underground guerrilla fighters)
- first goal is to tople all empires to show them the illusion that power is.
- does not want to gain power themselves



the civilized
- underground network of mobsters
- want power and control by all means, due to their slave origins in the undying kingdom.

- identify themselves via phrases:
"After all", we are civilized people, are we not?
Answer: Indeed, we are Civil.

Leader: Civil
When speaking to him,
Answer: We try, but are only a poor imitation of the one being civil.



Picts
Forest people (elves)
Want to protect their border at all costs.
Somewhat neutral but try to defent their territory with increasingly expansionistic views to kill all the rodents.



The undying kingdom
- biggest opposition to iliad expansionism
- leader is a lich (brother of one of the 7 emperors, who dabbled in unholy magic)
- his brother has a child and one sister also in the emperors.
Philactery is the iliad empires leading bloodline and a neklace of his dead wife.
- utilizes the dead for work and tries to end the barrier between live and death.
(For all to recower the dead.)

(Very libertarian / extremely neutral but lawful woth pretty much nonexistent government rules expect not to kill.)


Trade Center of Mykonos
Neutral trading hub of merchants.
Want all sides at war to protect their weapons dealary.
(Always keep balance for ongoing conflicts.)
(Means to go on with the war.)


"Regnum Automaton":
in the south across the sea, machines called Mui gather all live essence to sustain themselves. This leads to the dying of the planet (and increasing starvation).
-> Built by "the ancients", machines that were brought to live by karsus, using the Nether scrolls.
They are still neutral but defend their territory at all cost and are "not" expansionistic. See the desert as their space to live.

At their center is the coordination brain, the "Aeternum Mechanica", controlling the robots zentralized and keeping track on all the ongoings via a network of information trade routes.




The Bloom of Vitalis
Origin:
The automaton of the Regnum Automaton have perfected a method of harvesting life energy to sustain their endless mechanical operations. This energy, however, is not easily contained—it radiates uncontrollably, spreading mutations and creating an explosion of unchecked vitality wherever the automaton tread. Dubbed the Bloom of Vitalis, this phenomenon creates grotesque, hyper-evolved monstrosities and destabilizes ecosystems.

Key Features:

Wildlife Mutation:
The release of life energy supercharges existing organisms, creating hybrid monstrosities. Common animals might become hulking predators, plants gain sentience and predatory instincts, and even the land itself becomes hostile, with shifting terrain and toxic overgrowth.

Living Essence Contamination:
Life energy affects sentient beings as well. Prolonged exposure causes individuals to mutate physically and mentally, with some turning into mindless creatures while others gain unnatural abilities or powers.

Conflict Drivers:

Regnum Automaton: The automaton do not actively seek to spread the Bloom; it is a side effect of their energy harvesting. However, they refuse to halt their operations, viewing other life as expendable.
Picts: The forest dwellers see the Bloom as a desecration of their sacred lands. They fight both the automaton and the spreading mutations.
The Iliad Empire: Seeks to purge the Bloom to secure arable land for food production. However, they risk exposure to the Bloom’s corrupting effects.
The Undying Kingdom: Studies the Bloom as a possible key to controlling life and death but fears its unpredictable nature.
Nature of the Bloom:
The Bloom is not inherently malevolent. It is a manifestation of unchecked life—a force of creation without restraint. The creatures it spawns are aggressive because they are overwhelmed by the instinct to grow, consume, and dominate.